style per partes


stylepp is a tool to maintain a consistent style.

It consists of independent programs which can be used as needed.

You need to run:

make

to compile stylepp. Then you can add the stylepp/script directory 
into your PATH or run them with relative names.

For simplicity stylepp works on git repositories. For different version
control system use git-svn/git-cvs/'insert bridge'.


A two basic workflows are possible.

First run an initial cleanup over codebase; this separates formatting changes
from code changes.

Then to maintain a consistent state you need either add the appropriate hook
or run formatter periodically. A hook version is run by --hook argument.

You need to specify which files are stylepp's responsibility.
A best way so far is write a script named ignore that does:

git checkout HEAD blacklisted files # Link to upstream project.

This simplifies splitting and sending every format patch; not just
stylepp ones.


There are several areas that stylepp covers:

spellchecking: 
  We try to make our commands safe. A spellchecker touches
  in source files will touch only comments. 

  You can use following commands:

    stylepp_spell_patch: 
      A high level script that automates most parts of generating patch that 
      fixes typos. For other workflows we recommend to copy and modify this script.
    stylepp_fix_spell:   
      A script that reads dictionary file (see maintained/dictionary_wiki)
      Then it replaces occurrences of specified typos in comments.
    stylepp_spellcheck:
      A script that creates list of likely misspells from codebase. A
      likely misspell is word that
        1. Is present in comment.
        2. Is not present in code.
        3. Is wrong according to aspell.
        4. Is lowercase.
    stylepp_dictionary:
      A script that takes list of misspells from stylepp_spellcheck and
      with user help generates replacement dictionary.

warnings:
  Check things that people should check. These are mostly used in hook.
    
  stylepp_warn_dead_link:
    Checks if all http links go to valid address.
  stylepp_warn_copyright: 
    Print list of names that lack copyright header or header has wrong year.

refactoring:
  stylepp_long_line: 
    Finds which files have lines longer than 80 characters and opens vim
    on them.
